HGH		layers should be able to swap channel types programatically

HGH		displays should add layers programatically, not automatically (for remote layers?)
			- Affects SDK!
			- Display::addLayer();
			
HGH		finish mix files
HGH		finish midi module

MED		User documentation

LOW		Audio FFTInput Module (for fast caching of audio data)

LOW		Added parameter for clear/fill color for displaychannel, so that plugins such as transformations can pull that color
LOW		FRE Plugins (test artoolkit)
LOW		Need to do a performance GC Pass
LOW		Module User Interfaces
		- Add Button Bar too?
LOW		Bug on mousewheel blend
LOW		finish tweens.  Implemented, but not really "defined"
LOW		Display -- multiple channels (defer?)
LOW		Module setting flushing
LOW		Finish release build
LOW		UI constant invalidation when no constraint defined on windows

LOW		Test 1920x1080 camera input

MED		Complete SDK

		- move out of sdk:
			- mediastream?
			- initializer?
			- GUID
			X DependencyTree
			X statequeue/istate
			X onyxhost (these should be loaded at runtime) -
				x include pluginswf

OVERALL:

X start building cpu filters
x create public repository

DEFER
- Need to create focus manager, content
- Need to create keymanager contexts
- layer buffers for stopmo / delay / copy
- actionscript auto-compile host
- pluginhosts should be registered first, and should re-scan
- Tempo Module

COMPLETED
X Parameter creation should not necessarily have to go through PluginSWF (so the ui can create dynamic parameter lists)
X Parameters do not inherit from base classes (they should)
X make all the parameters one column, easier
X Color picker
X slider needs to deal with range
x slider: shift equal scale
x slider: ctrl slow transform
x slider: right click reset
x fix layer positioning (matrix/tx)
x fix event dispatching, need to change from changeevent to something better
x generator -- all matrices need to scale from center
x Figure out a way to inherit applicationdomain (not in root)
x Reusable generators
x button states for parameters
x plugin creation needs to be asynchronous then
x colorpicker
x implement filter browser
x ui - fix filter browser constraint
x thumbnail caching
	x based on file name
	- add handlers for file/size/modified? file size / file modified
x layer copy / delete
x filter destroy
x display proxy layer
x hovers on drop down
x ui - all factories defined in module
x ui - import factory information
x solid color generator
x When invalid, and layer.alpha === 0, doesn't fully remove
X		actually, let's remove layer transform.  Doesn't quite make sense

BUG				Using color picker for some reason pauses the app
X		generator disposal
  			- generator cache should be handled from generator.dispose, not an event
X		DisplayCPU should also use a GPU Context rather than just renderMode=direct
		- Need to test performance
LOW		startup log
LOW		Should not be able to add filters to layer without generator (or should we?)
